Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
This may not mean anything to you,
but it's different for me.
Even holding your hand,
even just touching you...
makes my heart ache so badly.
H-Hananoi-kun, what's wro—
His heart is beating so fast!
Does he always get like this?
Every time he's... with me?
I'm not the kind of person you think I am.
Really, I'm always...
Hananoi-kun, are you sure you're feeling—
Hotaru-chan.
I really like you.
H-Hana...
Hananoi-kun, wait!
H-Hananoi-kun, are you okay?
Y-You're burning up!
That scared me...
He must felt bad all day
and just didn't tell me.
I knew you'd get sick always waiting
for me in the cold like that.
Why didn't you say something?
I want to spend every second I can with you.
I-I need to call his family!
I had no idea.
Between love and friendship, I didn't realize
liking someone meant something so different...
But this is... It's nothing like those things.
H-Hello. Um, Hananoi-kun fainted.
Could you please come right away?
Yes. Thank you very much.
I still remember the way he felt...
Am I really going to be able to experience
feelings like that one day?
Episode 3
Our First Christmas
Hey, Big Sis!
It's time for dinner!
I don't want any.
Huh?!
You don't want dinner? What's wrong?
I don't feel like I deserve it right now.
Don't overdo it!
Hey! Don't let good food to go waste
over your petty guilt.
You're right.
But the way I made him look...
How can I apologize for that?
What am I gonna do?!
December 23rd
I'm really sorry about yesterday. It was thoughtless of me
to ask to kiss you to see if I liked you. I regret saying that.
How are you doing now? Please message me once you're feeling better.
I want to spend Christmas Eve with you
Okay, then I'll give you my answer
after our date. Is that okay?
Yeah.
This'll be new for me.
I've always spent Christmas with my family.
Every year?
My little sister does figure skating.
She always does a show on Christmas Eve.
We all go to cheer her on.
She's really something! She gets dressed
up like a sparkly little princess.
A princess?
Don't you ever hang out with friends?
They all end up going on dates or trips.
Yeah? Then I'll do my best to escort you.
I'm looking forward to it.
I want to spend Christmas Eve with you
December 24th
Today's the last day
of our trial dating period.
If nothing else happens, then tomorrow
we'll just become... strangers?
December 24th
He must not be answering because he's sick.
But he always responds so quickly...
Ah, maybe he's given up on me now.
I was basically toying with
Hananoi-kun's feelings, after all.
Huh? You're still here, Hotaru?
Mom and everyone already
left for the skating rink.
Are you going there now, Kagari?
My club is having a Christmas
party, so I'm gonna pass.
Okay, don't forget to lock up.
You never thought about
how I felt, Hotaru-chan.
It's happening all over again.
Will this all end without me
ever expressing my feelings?
I really want to apologize to Hananoi-kun.
I haven't even given him an answer yet!
I should at least try calling him.
What?!
Yes? Hello?
Ice Skating Rink
Hotaru! You're late!
Here's the... sewing kit... you asked for.
Sorry to drag you out here.
Her costume ripped.
Come on, Mom! Hurry, hurry!
Yes! It's perfect!
Mm-hmm, I hate to say it myself,
but my work this year is a masterpiece!
You look so pretty, Tomo-chan!
And today, I'm the star!
Yes! The prettiest princess in the world!
Hotaru, I thought you had plans.
Is everything all right?
Yeah. My friend just caught a cold,
and I haven't heard anything since.
Oh my. Want to stay and watch, then?
I guess so.
It'll be okay. How about we go out for
something you like for dinner later?
Sure. Thanks.
Christmas Ice Show
I guess it turned out to be
just another normal Christmas.
Hananoi-kun
Missed Call
Hananoi-kun?! When did I get
all these notifications?
H-Hello?
Hotaru-chan?!
Where are you right now?
Christmas Ice Show
Uh, um... Sorry. I'm at the skating rink.
I found you!
Oh! Hananoi-kun!
What are you doing here?
I called... but you didn't answer.
I remembered you said you go to see
your sister skate every Christmas.
So I searched for rinks
with Christmas shows...
And this was the only place near
your house hosting anything like that.
Talk about commitment!
What a surprise. I didn't think
I'd get to see you today.
I'm sorry! I've been in bed
and just saw your message...
Hotaru-chan?
What? What is this? I feel so drained.
I think it's because I've been so consumed
with worry and stress the past few days.
But seeing you, I feel so relieved now.
So very relieved.
I'm so glad.
I'm so glad I got to see
you again, Hananoi-kun.
Wonderful, wonderful!
You did great!
Here. Is this okay?
Y-Yeah. Sorry you had to see me like that.
It's my fault, isn't it?
I'm really sorry I scared you the other day!
You even called my grandmother for me...
O-Oh, no, that wasn't it.
I'm sorry the thoughtless things
I said I hurt you so much!
It's not the first time
I've done something like that...
Not been able to understand
the way someone else felt, I mean.
She was a good friend of mine,
Roasted Green Tea
but I hurt her.
And before I had a chance
to say I was sorry, we'd drifted apart.
I was worried the same thing
would happen with you.
I see. It sounds like that really upset you.
I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to bring that up.
That's right! I still need to give
you a proper answer, don't I?
Uh... Um...
It's okay.
You can give me your answer
whenever you want.
But more importantly,
if you're willing to make up with me,
then would you care to go on our date now?
No matter what your answer is,
I want to make this a special day for you.
I've been planning it for ages.
Ah, I almost forgot.
I don't want to make the same mistake again.
Starting today, unless I have your
permission, I won't... touch you.
You sure can be a handful, Hananoi-kun.
I finally got you to smile.
I've learned so much this month.
Hananoi-kun is kind. He tries hard...
Maybe too hard. And sometimes he
does things I'd never expect.
He likes books.
He's good at helping me study.
He always slows down to walk at my pace.
Hananoi-kun is...
Everyone sure was surprised.
Yeah.
Would you mind if I chaperoned
Hotaru-chan until this evening?
You have my word that
you have no cause for concern.
And I promise to bring
her home safely tonight.
Today's a very important day for me.
I would like to spend the
rest of it with her.
They totally thought he was my boyfriend.
That isn't exactly wrong, though,
so it's fine... I guess.
Hmm?
Hananoi-kun, are you really
feeling better now?
Yeah. Totally.
After resting for two days,
I actually feel great.
There's only one December 24th,
so I wanted to be with you.
Remember? I said I'd
make it a special day for you.
That's really nice of you,
but where are we going this late?
Wow!
I didn't know the amusement park was
like this during winter! I had no idea!
It's so pretty!
We can look at the lights later.
Hotaru-chan, aren't you hungry?
Yeah.
The best part is over here.
Kebab
Sandwiches
Kebabs!
Russian Cuisine
Borscht
Piroshki
Borscht!
Nasi goreng!
Nasi Goreng
Oh wow!
They're doing a Christmas fair right now,
so they have stalls with food from all over.
Sorry this isn't a real restaurant, though.
That's totally okay!
It's my dream to conquer foods
from around the world, so I'm stoked!
I'm glad.
Thank you for the food!
Thank you for the food.
Yum!
Hananoi-kun, try this one too!
Have a bite! It's super good!
Ah...
Amusement parks are so much fun at night.
Oh.
Wanna skate?
No, I'm not athletic at all,
so that's not happening.
I wanted to be like my little sister once,
but I crashed as soon as I got in the rink.
Oh...
Hotaru-chan, is it okay if I touch you
just while we're inside the rink?
Huh? W-Wait...
What?!
No way, no way, no way,
no way, no way, no way!
It's okay. I've got you.
Slowly, slowly. One, two. One, two.
One, two.
One, two...
With your help, I can walk, at least.
You did great. You're really
getting the hang of it.
Huh? The lights went out.
Must be mechanical trouble.
We should still have half an hour.
Huh? Is it already that late?
Where'd the time go?
Maybe we should head on home too.
Thank you so much for tonight.
This was all new to me, so I had a great time.
I've never had a Christmas like this before.
Next time we hang out,
I'll be the one to escort you, okay?
Oh no!
I still haven't answered him
and I'm already talking about next time!
That's what I mean.
Huh?
Hey, do you want to do one final lap?
S-Sure.
Hananoi-kun...
That's what what means?
It's why I like you.
When I do something for you,
you try to do something back.
Even when something looks hard,
you're willing to try it out.
Also...
Th-That's enough.
When you think you did something
wrong, you apologize for it.
You like food, and when you find something
delicious, you want to share it.
You don't get jealous of people
who have things you don't.
B-But that's all... totally normal, isn't it?
It's not.
It isn't normal at all. None of that is.
But because that's just how you are,
every day,
I've started to like you more and more.
Happy birthday, Hotaru-chan.
I hope today turned out
to be special for you.
H-How did you know it was my birthday?
I'm sorry. It was selfish of me to
drag you out, but it had to be today.
I wanted you to know
that today is the most
special day in the world.
Whoa!
H-Hananoi-kun! P-P-Put me down!
Hey, Hotaru-chan, it's dangerous to move—
I guess picking you up might
have been little cheesy.
But did I make you feel
like a princess tonight?
Oh, I get it.
I want to spend Christmas Eve with you
Hananoi-kun knew from the start
that a birthday for me means Christmas,
and winter vacation...
is my little sister's time to shine.
It's a day that's a little more
fun and special than normal...
for everyone.
That's not what I mean.
Today is the most special day in the world.
It's your day.
I didn't realize...
Whenever I'm with Hananoi-kun,
everything feels new.
I guess even a princess can get
a little embarrassed sometimes.
Thank you.
Feeling this special makes me so happy.
I hope it's Hananoi-kun.
If I ever fall in love,
I want it to be with Hananoi-kun.
Thank you for today.
U-Um, Hananoi-kun.
Huh?
Um, I just was thinking about it and...
I-Is it okay if we stay like
this for a little longer?
I know our trial is supposed to end today,
but I feel like I'm on the verge
of understanding something.
Sure.
If you think you need more time,
I'll wait as long as you want.
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Like an unlimited overtime game, I guess?